and try something completely new again
Let's see if it will turn out like that
biscuits and bananas blueberries
oatmeal biocacca lean quark small
little way and cookies cream flooring and
sympathetic too normally again
still pure sweetener but I think through
through the cookies cream become sweet enough
I'll give it a try first
you cut a banana very small
Cube is in a bowl
now it is quite another convincing purely
I'm going to become a banana I'm 100
grams of lean quark pure two
teaspoon baking powder organic cocoa powder 40
vanished km / h
So 100 grams of blueberries 50 times eggs
and then comes cinnamon and cookies
cream florian pure
Well, let's see how it gets to bake
has to go to 200 degrees
that's what the whole thing looks like
blueberries sometimes left out
So I have no sweetener purely why
that tastes really good
I already have it without testing
So, without interest, good off now
to be given and then off in the
oven as well as a venture
so believe is now comes the whole
on the baking tray so I'm very curious
as I said the first time that makes you
Believe the parts will be right
I'm curious what I'm still cold
Cool something and then I will
or two eat the rest with
working so long for the really cool
i am really and he could
until 10 on top of it if yes
then eat said I'll try it
two the macro 70 easy for it will be
taken me to work all the way to
Purchase made an evening eaten awesome
so really nice and juicy by the
blueberries so give it a try
here are the ingredients 500 70 calories 17 54
grams of carbs and 46 compose her
can only take the egg whites
So I have two eggs now
reingemacht
there you can if you only aigner
then takes 100 grams
instead of two whole eggs then you have like that
good as no fat then you have
just five grams of fat
the whole portion
but as I said maximum on the whole day
on 55 and the maximum limit 70 years
comic